Add `pipeline.py` along with necessary files to have a working pipeline. (#1)
datajoint/workflow-sensory-stimulation: README.md

# DataJoint Workflow-Sensory-Stimulation

> Note: This README is still a work in progress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: This `workflow-sensory-stimulation` and `element-sensory-stimulation` is still a work in progress and has not been officially released.
```
